fix: Remove "fast" "quality" and "vision" from all examples and docs (#117)
opensouls/community: docs/pages/pricing.mdx

- Pay what you want

#### Benefits

> Become an AI Souls Alchemist. Get access to Priority Support and Priority Feature Requests in through our private Discord channels. That means gpt-3.5-turbo-0125er response times, more space to make suggestions, and more personalized attention from our team - your souls will thank you.

Author: ```suggestion
Become an AI Souls Alchemist. Get access to Priority Support and Priority Feature Requests in through our private Discord channels. That means faster response times, more space to make suggestions, and more personalized attention from our team - your souls will thank you.
```

> Become an AI Souls Alchemist. Get access to Priority Support and Priority Feature Requests in through our private Discord channels. That means gpt-3.5-turbo-0125er response times, more space to make suggestions, and more personalized attention from our team - your souls will thank you.

Reviewer: same here
